    # Automated To Do list
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/0o1571g_YX8?si=T4nz_a6DVoQbDo0p
    #### Description: My project is a program that you can use to add tasks, complete tasks, and track tasks. The unique part of this program is that when you view all your current unfinished tasks, it will automatically sort it out for you so you know which task you should do first. To do that, when you are inputing your task, the program will ask for the task description, priority/urgency and due date. If the task is due soon, it will be the first task you do, if there is muiltiple tasks in a day, then the task with the most urgency is the first task shown in the list/table. For this project, I have 3 files, 1 for the project which contains all the code for functionality, the other file 'completed_tasks.txt' is where all the completed tasks information is held, and finally the test file for testing the code. The main reason why I chose to make a automated to do list is because as a grade 9 student, I spend a lot of time tracking and writing down tasks, and I sepnd even more time thinking about which task to do first, so that's why I made this program. This program saves time and energy, eventually making me more productive. During the process of making this program, I have thought about adding the amount of time needed for each task, so that when it is sorted, the tasks that take more time must be done first. But you wont know how much time the user has and sorting the task based on time and priority is complex, so eventually I just keep the time needed for a certain task as a reminder for the user so that they can't take that into consideration when choosing a task to do. In project.py, there are 5 functions. The first function is the main() function that is in a forever loop until the user decides to exit program. This main function is the to do lists menu, where you can call all the commands such as 'add task', 'complete task', 'show incomplete tasks', 'show completed tasks' and 'exit program'. The second function add_task() asks the user for a tasks description, time needed, priority and due date. Using serval while loops, I keep prompting the user for a proper description, time needed, priority number (1-3), and a actual date that is not in the past. To avoid the user getting stuck in the loop, I print warnings and reminders so that they know what is wrong with their input and if they input a invalid answer for more than 3 or 4 times, it exits the function and goes back the the main menu. If the user successfuly inputs all required information correctly, the information goes into the tasks list. For the function complete_task(), it shows the users all the tasks in sorted order, and asks the user which task have they completed. After their input, that task is then removed from the tasks list and is moved to the completed list as well as saved in the completed_tasks.txt file. For the forth function view_completed(), it takes the completed list and formats it in a table for the user to see using a for loop. For the fifth function show_tasks(), it takes the tasks list and sorts all the tasks by date first (date closest to farthest from today). Then it gathers all the tasks in a dictionary that sorts out tasks based on date so if a task happens on the same day, it is in a list that is a value of the date. Then all the information is combined and turned in a complete_table_data list and is finally printed. And thats a overview of this program.
